Create valgrind.md (#9)
cs3157-borowski/guides: valgrind.md

# Understanding Valgrind Error Messages

## Background

We use Valgrind to obtain information about two categories of incorrect memory
management: memory leaks and memory errors.  Memory leaks occur when heap memory
is not freed, and generally do not cause any kind of misbehavior (unless the

> process runs out of allocatable memory).  Memory errors, in constrast, are a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process runs out of allocatable memory).  Memory errors, in contrast, are a
```

common source of undefined behavior---and are the focus of this guide.

There are four error messages that you should understand:

1. Invalid reads
2. Invalid writes
3. Conditional jumps and moves that depend on uninitialized value(s)
4. Segmentation faults (colloquially, "segfaults")

This guide will provide an explanation and example for each.

## Invalid read

An invalid read occurs when you attempt to read a value from a location in
memory that is not available to the program (e.g. heap memory outside of
`malloc()`ed blocks and memory which overruns the top of the stack).  The error
message always includes the number of bytes your program attempted to read,

> which is useful for debugging the error.  On CLAC, a size of 1 indicates a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is useful for debugging the error.  On the AP Server, a size of 1 indicates a
```
